All right all right all right.
So up until now we've spent for ever talking about numbers and strings and you're thinking oh God we
have so many more to go through and my head hurts already.
Well you know what I think you're going to really really like this one because this one's really really
short and they're called billions and billions in Python is bull and bull.
Well there's only two options.
A bull can either be true or false.
That's it.
How awesome is that.
You just learned billions so a billion I can assign to let's say my Facebook profile.
I can say Andre or I can say name equals Andre and make sure that we form this into a string and then
I can say bull let's say we're creating an even better social network than Facebook or creating our
own.
And this social network also has the is cool option on your user profile and let's say for now it's
false.
You see over here that's being highlighted now is cool is set to false but all of a sudden I'm thinking
my profile doesn't look good if is cool is set to fall so I'm going to change that.
I'm going to say is cool is now equal to true.
Now my profile has been changed to is cool is true.
Hurray and that's it.
Billions represent this idea of true and false which in programming is kind of like saying 0 and 1 their
logical values.
Right.
There is some logic that we can use and we'll see you when we talk about conditionals in upcoming videos
where billions become really really useful because we can use billions to control the flow of our program
to do something.
If something is true to do another thing if something is false it's a cornerstone of computer science.
And by the way a topic we're going to explore more and more is this idea of using billions to denote
logic.
So for example what do you think a bowl of one converting one two billion would do if I print this and
I click Run I get true in boolean one means true a zero while that equals false and remember we're just
simply converting this integer into a bowling value and a boolean well just either false or true nothing
else.
That's it.
And I can also convert a string that says true into a bully and true.
Again this is something we're going to explore a little bit more when we talk about conditional logic.
But I wanted to make this video nice and short to let you know that hey not all these data types are
as complex as well numbers and strings.
All right.
Nice and short.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.